RoboCup@Home league is the largest annual competition for autonomous service robots. It aims to develop service and assistive robot technology for future domestic applications. The competition evaluates robots' abilities in a realistic home environment through benchmark tests.

Frida is Friendly Robotic Interactive Domestic Assistant, a service robot designed for domestic tasks to assist in our home. 

The project consists of a main repository and several submodules. The main repository contains the high-level code corresponding to the logic for each of the tasks in the competition. Additionally, every repository contains a ROS workspace which contains the code executed during the competition. The submodules are divided according to the internal subteams: HRI, Manipulation, Navigation, Vision. The main idea of this structure is to divide the development into individual areas such that developers only need to build and compile the code in a specific submodule. This allows for faster development and testing of the code.

The main idea of a modularized structure of Frida is to divide the development into individual areas such that developers only need to build and compile the code in a specific submodule. This allows for faster development and testing of the code.

To standardize the development process, we have migrated the development environment to a containerized system. This allows us to have a consistent setup across all team members and ensures that the code runs in the same way on all machines. The containerized system is based on Docker and Docker Compose.

The different area descriptions of Frida are: Navigation: Describes the software modules that allow the robot to navigate autonomously in an environment. Manipulation: Describes the software modules that allow the robot to manipulate objects. Integraction and Networks: Describes the software modules that allow the robot to interact with other devices and networks. HRI: Describes the software modules that allow the robot to interact with humans. Electronics and Control: Describes the hardware modules that allow the robot to control its movements and interact with the environment. Computer Vision: Describes the software modules that allow the robot to perceive the environment through cameras and other sensors. Mechanics: Describes the hardware modules that allow the robot to integrate their physical parts and interact with the environment.

Frida robot uses a modified EAI Dashgo B1 for mobility, a uFactory xArm 6 for manipulation, Jetson Xavier AGX and Jetson Nano for computing, 24V and 14.8V batteries, Stereolabs ZED2 camera, Seed Studio ReSpeaker Microphone Array, Logitech X100 speaker, HDMI LCD touchscreen, RP Lidar A1 for navigation, custom sheet metal base cover, and additional devices like power indicators, 5V Ethernet switch, emergency stop devices, and a customized gripper controller.